Add invitation to open issues (#524)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/Correctly-Using-Regular-Expressions.md

For detailed rationale, along with other information such as contributor credits, see [Correctly Using Regular Expressions for Secure Input Validation - Rationale](./Correctly-Using-Regular-Expressions-Rationale).

## Contributions and Corrections Welcome

> Please feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/issues) with us if you have additions or changes you'd like to see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any additions, changes, or corrections you'd like to suggest, please [open an issue](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/issues). We appreciate your contributions!
```

> If you have any additions, changes, or corrections you'd like to suggest, please [open an issue](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/issues). We appreciate your contributions!

Reviewer 2: I like the basic idea! However, instead of *only* recommending issues, we should recommend creating issues *or* pull requests; we shouldn't require unnecessary steps. If there's a simple typo, I'd want them to just create a PR. E.g., something like this:

> If you have any additions, changes, or corrections you'd like to suggest, please [open an issue](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/issues) or [create a pull request](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/pulls). We appreciate your contributions!

Reviewer 2: I see it's been changed! Thanks!

> If you have any additions, changes, or corrections you'd like to suggest, please [open an issue](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/issues). We appreciate your contributions!

Author: ```suggestion
If you have any additions, changes, or corrections you'd like to suggest, please [open an issue](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/issues) or [create a pull request](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/pulls). We appreciate your contributions!
```
